Masha Allah, whoever has written this must be blessed with full knowledge and patience. What a comparison. Subhanallah!!... I didn't write this but felt it is worth sharing! 
" Quite amazing


Things I have noticed while reflecting on the story of Yusuf (A.S) & to the story of Musa (A.S), while comparing Sura Yusuf and Sura Qasas. I thought it is beneficial to share.

1. The story of Yusuf makes you wonder why the mom was never mentioned; the story of Musa makes you wonder why the dad was never mentioned.

2. Yusuf story begins with the interaction between father and son; Musa story begins with the interaction between mother and son

3. In Yusuf story, his siblings were the reason Yusuf got separated from his family; In Musa story, his sibling was the reason Musa got reunited with his family

4. In Yusuf story, the siblings convinced their dad INTELLECTUALLY to let go of Yusuf; In Musa story, Allah convinced the mom EMOTIONALLY to let go of Musa

5. In Yusuf story, the dad (who IS a prophet) was NEVER told if he will ever reunite with his son; in Musa story, the mom (who is NOT a prophet) was told that she WILL reunite with her son 

6. In Yusuf story, the dad cries tears of sadness; in Musa story, the mom cries tears of happiness

7. Yusuf got dumped in a standing water (well); Musa got dumped in a flowing water (River)

8. Yusuf was brought to his new house by a male figure (Egypt’s minister); Musa was brought to his new house by a female figure (Pharaoh’s wife)

9. In Yusuf story, the minister told his wife to either take him as a slave or as an adopted son; In Musa story, pharaoh’s wife told her husband to either take him as a slave or as an adopted son

10. In Yusuf story, I expected the minister’s wife to take Yusuf as a son, because they never had kids, but he was taken as a slave instead; In Musa story, I expected the pharaoh to take Musa as a slave, because he was an Israelite, but he was taken as an adopted son instead

11. Yusuf’s life changed from a life of dignity to a life of slavery; Musa’s life changed from a life of slavery to a life of dignity

12. In Sura Yusuf, Allah mentions that he gave Yusuf wisdom and knowledge; in Sura Qasas, Allah mentions that he gave Musa wisdom and knowledge

13. Yusuf was also given an exceptional trait (Looks); Musa was also given an exceptional trait (Strength)

14. Yusuf got into trouble with the Minister’s wife because of his exceptional trait (looks); Musa got into trouble with the authority because of his exceptional trait (strength)

15. The crime that was about to happen to Yusuf was private in nature; the crime that happened to Musa was public in nature

16. The crime that was about to happen to Yusuf was the killing of a soul (Zina); The crime that happened to Musa was the killing of a body (murder)

17. Yusuf sought refuge of Allah before the crime happened; Musa sought refuge of Allah after the crime happened

18. Yusuf, who was innocent, ended up getting detained by the law; Musa, who was guilty, ended up fleeing the law

19. Yusuf, while in Jail, was approached by 2 men; Musa, while fleeing, approaches 2 women

20. Yusuf’s story continues with only one man; Musa’s story continues with only one woman

21. In Yusuf’s story, Allah teaches us how a man and a woman should NOT come together; In Musa’s story, Allah teaches us how a man and a woman SHOULD come together

22. In Yusuf’s story, an EXPECTED friend got him out of his trial (Jail) after YEARS; In Musa’s story, an UNEXPECTED friend got him out of his trial (being killed) after DAYS

23. In Yusuf’s story, we learn that his friend came to help him because of a SELFISH reason (he wanted to be acknowledged by the King for the interpretation of the King’s dream); in Musa’s story, we learn that his friend came to help him because of a SELFLESS reason (he was afraid that Musa will be killed by the authorities)

24. Yusuf helps out the 2 cell-mates by giving Da’wah to them (The power of words); Musa helps out the 2 women by feeding their sheep (The power of action)

25. In Yusuf’s story, Yusuf expected a favor from his cell-mate, but it did not come immediately; In Musa’s story, Musa did not expect a favor from the 2 women, but it came immediately

26. Yusuf returns to the court and faces the King; Musa returns to the court and faces the King

27. In Yusuf’s story, a confession happens (the women who wronged Yusuf admitted their faults); In Musa’s story, a confession happens (Musa himself admitted his fault)

28. Yusuf gets honored by the King; Musa gets humiliated by the King

29. In Yusuf story, we learn that Yusuf got reunited with his brother (Benjamin); In Musa story, we learn that Musa got reunited with his brother (Haroon)

30. In Sura Yusuf, Benjamin remained silent; In Sura Qasas, Haroon remained silent

31. In Yusuf story, there was a Sajdah (Yusuf’s family prostrating themselves after being reunited); In Musa’s story, there was a Sajdah (The magicians who lost to Musa)

32. The story of Yusuf answers the question of how the Israelites came to Egypt; The story of Musa answers the question of how the Israelites left Egypt.Allahu Akbar."
.
.
.
.
.
